# College_project
* [Random Password Generator](#Random-password-generator)
* [Tic Tac Toe](#tic-tac-toe)
## Random Password Generator
#### PROBLEM STATEMENT (Random Password)

Write a program to generate random password which have the following features: -
1) The password should have minimum length of 12 characters and maximum length of 32
characters.
2) Password will always start with a lower-case alphabet and ends with a uppercase alphabet.
3) It should have at least 2 lower case alphabet, 2 upper case alphabet, 1 number, and 1 special
character. No space allowed in generated password.
4) You should not use any dictionary for password generation.
5) Do not use inbuilt function for randomisation make your own pseudo-random number
generator.
6) GUI - There should be one button for generating password which will be shown on same
screen inside some label, there should be one button which will copy the password on the clipboard.

#### SCOPE OF DEVELOPMENT

The password generated by the algorithm working behind the scene is good but the random password generated by it is still in pseudo form i.e. its not really generating random number as our system cannot generate real random number. So this is like a shortcoming to this which can removed if embed a random number generator machine or tool with our system, take its data and then generate the password that would really be random password. 

# Tic Tac Toe

#### PROBLEM STATEMENT (Tic-Tac-Toe)

Tic-tac-toe is a paper-and-pencil game for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3 × 3 grid. The game may be started either by the X player or by the O player. The player who
succeeds in placing three of their marks in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal row wins the game. For example, Figure 1 shows a tic-tac-toe game where player O wins through a diagonal line. However,
it is not necessarily the case that every game has a winner (e.g., see Figure 2): when there is not a single free slot in the grid, and when neither player has managed to mark a winning row, then it is
called a tie. That is, a game is considered as over either when there is a winner , or when there is a tie .
